>> Narrator: UP NEXT, A
BULLET-RIDDLED CAR, A MISSING
DRIVER, AND NO WITNESSES.
>> IT WOULD SEEM THAT SHE WAS
STILL ALIVE WHEN SHE WAS REMOVED
FROM THE CAR.
>> WHO WOULD DO SUCH A THING
LIKE THIS ON A PUBLIC ROADWAY?
>> Narrator: WAS IT AN AMBUSH
OR A RANDOM ATTACK?
>> THIS IS MY DEFENSELESS LITTLE
GIRL WHO HAD BEEN SHOT AT.
>> IT WAS A HEAD-SCRATCHER FROM
THE GET-GO.
>> Narrator: SOME TINY EVIDENCE
PROVIDES THE ANSWER.
>> IT WAS ON HER SKIN, ON HER
JACKET.
YOU CAN'T GET RID OF THIS STUFF.
>> Narrator: IN SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA, LIKE ELSEWHERE IN
THE UNITED STATES, VIRTUALLY
EVERYONE CELEBRATES
INDEPENDENCE DAY.
SOME CELEBRATE A LITTLE TOO
MUCH.
THAT'S WHAT POLICE THOUGHT WHEN
THEY FOUND A DESERTED CAR AROUND
4:00 IN THE MORNING, WITH THE
ENGINE STILL RUNNING, OFF
ROUTE 118, JUST NORTH OF
LOS ANGELES.
>> A LOT OF PEOPLE THOUGHT THAT
MAYBE SOMEBODY WAS DRUNK AND
THEY HAD ABANDONED THEIR CAR
ALONGSIDE THE ROAD.
>> Narrator: BUT A CLOSER LOOK
REVEALED SOMETHING MORE SERIOUS.
>> WE HAD SEVERAL BULLETS THAT
HAD WENT THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
INTO THE VEHICLE, AND TWO
ADDITIONAL BULLETS THAT HAD WENT
THROUGH THE SIDE OF THE VEHICLE.
>> Narrator: A WOMAN'S SHOE WAS
INSIDE THE CAR.
ANOTHER WAS OUTSIDE.
BLOOD WAS ON THE STEERING WHEEL,
THE DRIVER'S SEAT, AND
FLOORBOARD.
POLICE FANNED OUT ALL OVER THE
AREA.
THERE WAS NO BLOOD TRAIL, NO
VICTIM.
>> IT WAS HIGHLY UNUSUAL FOR US
TO HAVE A VIOLENT-CRIME SCENE
LIKE THAT WHERE THE VICTIM WAS
MISSING.
>> Narrator: THE CAR WAS A
RENTAL AND HAD BEEN LEASED THAT
DAY TO MEGAN BARROSO, A
20-YEAR-OLD COLLEGE STUDENT WHO
LIVED NEARBY.
HER PURSE WAS COVERED IN BLOOD.
HER CELLPHONE WAS INSIDE.
IT LOOKED AS IF SHE HAD TRIED TO
USE HER PHONE TO CALL FOR HELP.
>> SHE HAD GONE TO A FOURTH OF
JULY PARTY WITH HER BEST FRIEND
AND OTHER YOUNG PEOPLE, I
BELIEVE IN THE BEACH AREA.
>> Narrator: ACCORDING TO
FRIENDS, MEGAN LEFT THE PARTY
ALONE AT 2:45 A.M., A LITTLE
MORE THAN AN HOUR BEFORE HER CAR
WAS FOUND.
POLICE CHECKED LOCAL HOSPITALS,
BUT NO ONE MATCHING MEGAN'S
DESCRIPTION HAD CHECKED IN.
>> WE DIDN'T KNOW IF THIS PERSON
WAS EITHER DEAD OR ALIVE AT THAT
POINT.
THERE WAS A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT
OF BLOOD IN THE CAR, BUT NOT
ENOUGH TO SUGGEST THAT THE
PERSON WAS, IN FACT, DEAD.
>> MY DAUGHTER WAS OUT THERE
SOMEWHERE, AND I WAS HOPING THAT
I WOULD GET A CALL FROM HER ANY
DAY, ANY MINUTE.
NO CALL CAME.
>> Narrator: INVESTIGATORS FOUND
FIVE SHELL CASINGS AT THE END OF
THE EXIT RAMP AND ANOTHER ABOUT
200 FEET AWAY.
>> OUR FORENSIC PEOPLE WERE ABLE
TO TELL US THAT IT MOST LIKELY
WAS AN AK-47-TYPE RIFLE -- AN
ASSAULT RIFLE.
>> KNOWING THAT MEGAN HAD BEEN
ASSAULTED WITH THIS AK-47,
AGAIN, JUST SENT CHILLS OF
AGONY THROUGH MY MIND.
>> Narrator: INVESTIGATORS ALSO
NOTICED A FRESH SCRAPE ALONG THE
DRIVER'S SIDE OF THE CAR.
IT LOOKED AS IF MEGAN'S CAR HAD
BEEN SIDESWIPED.
THEN INVESTIGATORS GOT A HUGE
BREAK.
THEY LEARNED THAT MEGAN'S RENTAL
CAR WAS ONE OF THE FIRST TO BE
EQUIPPED WITH AN EVENT-DATA
RECORDER.
>> THE EVENT-DATA RECORDER IS A
HUGE STEP FORWARD IN TRAFFIC
SAFETY.
IT'S LIKE THE BLACK BOX IN AN
AIRCRAFT THAT GIVES US AN
OPPORTUNITY TO BETTER UNDERSTAND
HOW CRASHES HAPPEN.
>> Narrator: THE RECORDER, A
SMALL ON-BOARD COMPUTER, IS
ALWAYS ON.
IN THE EVENT OF A CRASH, IT
AUTOMATICALLY SAVES THE PREVIOUS
FIVE SECONDS OF INFORMATION.
WHEN MEGAN'S CAR HIT THE MEDIAN,
IT ACTIVATED THE DATA RECORDER.
IT REVEALED THAT FIVE SECONDS
EARLIER, MEGAN'S CAR WAS AT A
COMPLETE STOP.
>> I THINK HE STARTED SHOOTING
AT HER.
SHE WAS PROBABLY DUCKING, BUT AT
SOME POINT, SHE REALIZED, "I'D
BETTER GET OUT OF THERE."
>> Narrator: THE RECORDER SHOWED
MEGAN FLOORED THE ACCELERATOR.
>> SHE WENT TO 100% OPEN
THROTTLE.
SHE JAMMED THAT GAS PEDAL TO THE
FLOOR, AND SHE TRIED TO GET OUT
OF THERE.
>> Narrator: BLOOD INSIDE THE
CAR SHOWED MEGAN WAS WOUNDED AND
POSSIBLY STILL ALIVE.
BUT WHERE WAS SHE?
>> WE KNEW WE HAD A BODY
SOMEWHERE.
WE JUST COULDN'T FIND HER.
>> Narrator: AS POLICE SEARCHED
FOR 20-YEAR-OLD MEGAN BARROSO,
THEY TRIED TO RECONSTRUCT HER
ACTIVITIES ON THE NIGHT OF HER
DISAPPEARANCE.
HER FRIENDS SAID SHE LEFT A
FOURTH OF JULY PARTY AT 2:45 IN
THE MORNING AND WAS ALONE.
HER ABANDONED CAR WAS FOUND AT
THE BOTTOM OF AN EXIT RAMP OFF A
DESERTED STRETCH OF HIGHWAY
ABOUT AN HOUR LATER.
>> WE FOUND THAT MEGAN DIDN'T
HAVE ANY BOYFRIEND PROBLEMS.
SHE DIDN'T HAVE ANYONE THAT WAS
UPSET WITH HER.
IN FACT, IT WAS THE OPPOSITE.
EVERYBODY LIKED MEGAN.
>> Narrator: SOMEONE HAD FIRED
MULTIPLE SHOTS INTO MEGAN'S CAR
WITH WHAT INVESTIGATORS BELIEVED
WAS AN AK-47 ASSAULT RIFLE.
TO RE-CREATE THE SHOOTING,
ANALYSTS USED LASERS TO
DETERMINE WHERE THE SHOOTER WAS
STANDING.
>> WE USE A LASER BEAM BECAUSE
IT'S A NICE, STRAIGHT LIGHT
BEAM THAT WE CAN JUST PROJECT
THROUGH A NUMBER OF HOLES.
AND IT MAKES A GOOD DISPLAY.
IT ALLOWS US TO SEE WHERE THE
BULLET HAS PASSED THROUGH,
WHAT IT'S INTERACTED WITH.
>> Narrator: THE LASER ANALYSIS
SHOWED THE SHOOTER STOOD 60 FEET
AWAY FROM MEGAN'S CAR WHEN HE
STARTED FIRING, AND HE CLOSED
THE DISTANCE WITH EACH SHOT.
ONE SHOT HIT THE HOOD.
THREE HIT THE WINDSHIELD.
ANOTHER HIT THE DRIVER'S-SIDE
DOOR.
INVESTIGATORS CONCLUDED THE SHOT
FIRED THROUGH THE PASSENGER-SIDE
DOOR HAPPENED SOMEWHERE ELSE.
>> IT CAME IN FROM A COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT DIRECTION.
IT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN PART OF
THE SAME SERIES OF GUNFIRE
WITHOUT A DRAMATIC CHANGE IN THE
POSITION OF THE SHOOTER.
>> Narrator: THIS GUNSHOT, ALONG
WITH THE SIDESWIPE ON MEGAN'S
CAR, LED ANALYSTS TO CONCLUDE
THIS ALTERCATION HAPPENED ON THE
HIGHWAY.
WITH THE LASER INFORMATION AND
EVENT-DATA RECORDER,
INVESTIGATORS PUT TOGETHER THIS
ANIMATION OF WHAT THEY THOUGHT
HAPPENED.
IT WAS CLEAR -- SOMEONE TRIED TO
FORCE MEGAN OFF THE HIGHWAY BY
SIDESWIPING HER CAR.
THEN MEGAN'S ATTACKER MOVED TO
THE PASSENGER SIDE AND FIRED
INTO HER BACKSEAT.
AS MEGAN DROVE OFF THE EXIT
RAMP, HER ATTACKER MUST HAVE
SPED IN FRONT OF HER, BLOCKED
HER PATH, AND STARTED SHOOTING.
THERE WERE FOUR SHOTS.
SHE FLOORED THE ACCELERATOR.
A FIFTH SHOT WENT THROUGH THE
SIDE DOOR AND HIT MEGAN.
THE BLOOD EVIDENCE SHOWS MEGAN
TRIED TO REACH FOR HER
CELLPHONE, POSSIBLY TO CALL
POLICE.
HER CAR HIT THE MEDIAN.
THE ASSAILANT APPARENTLY DRAGGED
HER INTO ANOTHER VEHICLE AND
DROVE AWAY.
>> YOU HAVE TO ASSUME THAT THE
PERSON THAT CARRIED OUT THIS
CRIME WAS VERY BOLD, VERY MUCH
A RISK-TAKER.
>> THERE WERE QUESTIONS ABOUT
WHO WOULD DO SUCH A THING LIKE
THIS ON A PUBLIC ROADWAY, AND
118 IS A VERY PUBLIC ROADWAY.
>> Narrator: THE BLOOD INSIDE
THE CAR MEANT MEGAN WAS WOUNDED,
BUT WAS PROBABLY STILL ALIVE
WHEN SHE WAS ABDUCTED.
>> AT THAT POINT, I REALIZED
THAT MY DAUGHTER WAS IN HORRIBLE
TROUBLE, THAT THIS WAS NOT A
GOOD SITUATION.
AND THIS WAS A REAL BIG, BAD
THING THAT WAS HAPPENING.
>> Narrator: THE SHERIFF'S
DEPARTMENT, ALONG WITH OTHER
LAW-ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES,
OFFERED A REWARD FOR INFORMATION
LEADING TO AN ARREST.
BUT THREE LONG WEEKS PASSED WITH
NO LEADS ON MEGAN'S ABDUCTION.
THEN A SIMI VALLEY RESIDENT
CALLED POLICE WITH SOME
INFORMATION.
HE SAID HE FOUND A HOMEMADE
VIDEOTAPE IN HIS ROOMMATE'S
TRASH SHOWING SEXUAL ACTS SO
HORRIFYING, HE KNEW IT NEEDED TO
BE REPORTED TO POLICE.
>> LO AND BEHOLD, HERE'S THIS
GUY RAPING THESE WOMEN.
>> Narrator: THE MAN SAID HE HAD
NO DOUBT THE RAPIST ON THE TAPE
WAS HIS ROOMMATE, 30-YEAR-OLD
VINCENT SANCHEZ, AN ELECTRICIAN
WHO WORKED IN THE LOCAL FILM
INDUSTRY.
THE TAPE SHOWED SANCHEZ RAPING
NUMEROUS WOMEN ON-CAMERA.
>> IT WAS QUITE HORRIFYING TO
ACTUALLY SEE A WOMAN BEING RAPED
AND SEXUALLY ASSAULTED.
>> Narrator: WHEN INVESTIGATORS
ASKED SANCHEZ'S ROOMMATE WHETHER
ANYONE IN THE HOUSE OWNED AN
ASSAULT RIFLE, HE SAID HE DID.
>> I'M SITTING ON THE BED, AND
HE TELLS ME, "WELL, YEAH, THE
GUN'S RIGHT HERE.
IT'S UNDERNEATH THE BED."
AND AS SOON AS I LOOKED AT IT,
THE HAIR ON THE BACK OF MY NECK
STOOD UP.
>> Narrator: IT WAS AN AK-47.
DETECTIVES ALSO FOUND SOMETHING
NEAR THE TRASH OUTSIDE THE
HOUSE.
>> I EXCUSED MYSELF FROM THE
INTERVIEW TO TAKE A PHONE CALL,
AND I WALKED OUTSIDE THE
RESIDENCE, AND OVER BY SOME
TRASH CANS, I SAW A GARMENT OF
CLOTHING ON THE GROUND AND
WALKED UP TO IT.
AND I SAW THAT IT WAS A GREEN
JACKET.
>> IT WAS A GREEN GAP JACKET
WITH AN ORANGE LINING.
IT WAS FAIRLY DISTINCTIVE.
AND HE SAW WHAT HE BELIEVED TO
BE A BULLET HOLE IN THE SIDE.
>> Narrator: IT WAS THE
SAME-COLOR JACKET MEGAN BARROSO
WORE ON THE NIGHT SHE WAS
ABDUCTED.
WAS IT POSSIBLE MEGAN WAS STILL
ALIVE?
>> Narrator: JUST DAYS AFTER
INVESTIGATORS FOUND
MEGAN BARROSO'S GREEN JACKET IN
THE TRASH OUTSIDE A SIMI VALLEY
HOME, A SEARCH TEAM WITH A
CADAVER DOG DISCOVERED SOME
SKELETAL REMAINS IN A RAVINE
10 MILES FROM THE ABDUCTION
SITE.
DENTAL RECORDS CONFIRMED IT WAS
MEGAN BARROSO.
>> I WAS DEVASTATED, OH!
YOU KNOW, I MEAN...
I'M THINKING, "THIS IS...
I'M DROWNING NOW."
YOU KNOW, THIS IS -- THIS IS --
THIS IS -- IT WAS ABSOLUTELY
TERRIBLE.
OH!
YOU KNOW, IT WAS LIKE, "THE
LIGHTS ARE OUT NOW.
THIS IS BAD."
>> Narrator: THE MEDICAL
EXAMINER RECOVERED BULLET
FRAGMENTS AND DETERMINED THAT
MEGAN DIED FROM A SINGLE GUNSHOT
WOUND TO HER ABDOMEN.
>> BUT THERE WAS NOT FORENSIC
EVIDENCE TO CONCLUSIVELY SAY
THAT SHE HAD BEEN SEXUALLY
ASSAULTED.
>> Narrator: IT LOOKED AS IF
MEGAN WAS STILL ALIVE WHEN SHE
WAS LEFT IN THE RAVINE.
>> SHE WAS IN A FETAL POSITION
WITH ONE ARM BENT UNDER HER
HEAD, LIKE IN A SLEEPING
POSITION.
THAT WOULDN'T BE A POSITION THAT
A BODY WOULD LAND IN.
>> Narrator: THEN THE MEDICAL
EXAMINER NOTICED SOMETHING
UNUSUAL -- RED GLITTER.
>> WHAT THEY CALL "PIXIE DUST"
IN MEGAN'S HAIR AND ON HER
CLOTHING.
AND IT WAS RED GLITTER, IN
ESSENCE.
>> Narrator: MEGAN'S GREEN
JACKET WAS FOUND OUTSIDE THE
HOME OF VINCENT SANCHEZ, A
PART-TIME ELECTRICIAN WHO CAME
TO POLICE ATTENTION WHEN HIS
ROOMMATE FOUND A HOMEMADE
VIDEOTAPE OF SANCHEZ SEXUALLY
ASSAULTING SEVERAL WOMEN.
WHEN POLICE STUDIED THE
VIDEOTAPE IN DETAIL, THEY
DISCOVERED THE WOMEN WERE THE
VICTIMS OF THE SIMI VALLEY
RAPIST.
15 UNSOLVED RAPES POLICE HAD
BEEN TRYING TO SOLVE FOR THE
PAST 5 YEARS.
>> THE PERPETRATOR WOULD BREAK
IN TO THE HOME OF THE VICTIMS,
PRIMARILY IN THE EVENING.
SOME OF THE VICTIMS WERE YOUNG
TEENAGE GIRLS, 15, 16 YEARS OLD,
WITH PARENTS SLEEPING IN ANOTHER
ROOM WITHIN THE HOUSEHOLD.
>> Narrator: WHEN QUESTIONED BY
POLICE, SANCHEZ ADMITTED HE WAS
THE SIMI VALLEY RAPIST, BUT
DENIED HAVING ANYTHING TO DO
WITH MEGAN BARROSO'S MURDER.
>> VERY HESITANT TO ANSWER,
DIDN'T WANT TO TALK ANYMORE.
SAID HE DIDN'T KNOW HER, DIDN'T
KNOW WHAT I WAS TALKING ABOUT,
HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT.
>> Narrator: INVESTIGATORS
SEARCHED SANCHEZ'S PICKUP TRUCK
FOR POSSIBLE CLUES.
IT WAS CLEAR THE TRUCK HAD BEEN
THOROUGHLY WASHED AND CLEANED.
BUT TAPE LIFTS OF THE UPHOLSTERY
FOUND SOMETHING VERY DIFFICULT
TO GET RID OF -- TINY SPECKS OF
RED GLITTER.
INVESTIGATORS ALSO FOUND RED
GLITTER IN THE GREEN JACKET
FOUND OUTSIDE SANCHEZ'S HOME.
THEY EVEN FOUND ONE MICROSCOPIC
SPECK ON THE AK-47 RIFLE
SANCHEZ'S ROOMMATE TURNED OVER
TO POLICE.
TO FIND OUT IF ALL THIS GLITTER
WAS FROM THE SAME SOURCE,
INVESTIGATORS SENT IT TO
EDWIN JONES, A FORENSIC
SCIENTIST WITH ONE OF THE
LARGEST COLLECTIONS OF GLITTER
IN THE WORLD, WITH CLOSE TO
1,000 SPECIMENS.
>> I HAVE AN UNUSUAL HOBBY OF
COLLECTING MICRO THINGS, AND
I'VE BEEN COLLECTING GLITTER FOR
MANY YEARS BEFORE THIS CASE, AND
I'VE BEEN COLLECTING GLITTER
SINCE THIS CASE.
>> Narrator: UNDER A MICROSCOPE,
JONES DISCOVERED THAT THIS RED
GLITTER WAS A HEXAGON SHAPE
APPROXIMATELY 250 MICRONS.
JONES KNEW IMMEDIATELY THAT THIS
WAS UNLIKE ANY OF THE
RED-GLITTER SAMPLES HE'D EVER
SEEN.
>> I FOUND OUT THAT THE GLITTER
HAD ONE LAYER OF ALUMINUM FOR
REFLECTION.
SO LITERALLY, THE PARTICLE WAS
ASYMMETRICAL, MEANING THAT IT'S
NOT THE SAME ON BOTH SIDES.
>> IT'S RED ON ONE SIDE AND
SILVER ON THE OTHER.
IT WAS A VERY UNIQUE TYPE OF
GLITTER THAT JUST THIS ONE
COMPANY HAD MADE.
>> Narrator: JONES DISCOVERED
THAT THIS GLITTER WAS NOT A
BEST-SELLING ITEM.
ONLY 10,000 BOTTLES HAD EVER
BEEN MADE.
INVESTIGATORS LEARNED THAT
DURING THE FOURTH OF JULY PARTY
MEGAN ATTENDED, THE HOST THREW
RED GLITTER ON EVERYONE,
INCLUDING MEGAN.
>> THANKS.
>> I SAID, "DO YOU STILL HAVE
THE BOTTLE?"
SHE SAYS, "YES, I DO."
SO WE THEN WENT AND RECOVERED
THE REMAINING PORTION OF THE
GLITTER.
>> Narrator: SCIENTISTS
CONFIRMED THE GLITTER IN
MEGAN BARROSO'S HAIR CAME FROM
MEGAN'S FRIEND, AND IT WAS THE
SAME GLITTER FOUND IN SANCHEZ'S
TRUCK, ON THE AK-47 RIFLE, ON
MEGAN'S JACKET FOUND IN
SANCHEZ'S TRASH, AND IN MEGAN'S
OWN CAR.
IT WAS THE ONLY PIECE OF
EVIDENCE THAT TIED SANCHEZ TO
EVERYTHING.
INVESTIGATORS ALSO SEARCHED
SANCHEZ'S TRUCK FOR BLOOD.
>> WHEN THE TECH PUT THE LUMINOL
ON THE INSIDE OF THE VEHICLE, IT
LIT UP LIKE A CHRISTMAS TREE.
>> Narrator: DNA TESTING
REVEALED BLOOD ON THE PASSENGER
SEAT WAS MEGAN'S.
>> THERE WAS A HORIZONTAL
APPARENT BLOODSTAIN RIGHT IN
THE AREA WHERE MEGAN'S WOUND WAS
TO HER SIDE, INDICATING THAT SHE
HAD BEEN SITTING UPRIGHT IN THE
PASSENGER SEAT OF THAT TRUCK AT
ONE POINT, SO SHE WASN'T DEAD.
SHE WAS SITTING.
>> Narrator: FORENSIC TESTS ON
THE SCRAPE MARK ON THE SIDE OF
MEGAN'S CAR MATCHED THE PAINT
FROM SANCHEZ'S TRUCK.
INVESTIGATORS TEST-FIRED THE
AK-47 AND COMPARED THE BULLETS
TO FRAGMENTS FOUND WITH MEGAN'S
BODY.
>> WE TIED THAT RIFLE TO THE
CRIME SCENE AND TO THE BODY,
BOTH, WITH THE FRAGMENTS THAT
WERE TAKEN FROM THE CAR, FROM
THE CRIME SCENE.
CERTAINLY THAT HELPED TO TIE THE
RIFLE IN TO MR. SANCHEZ, AND
MR. SANCHEZ THEN TO THE CRIME
SCENE.
>> Narrator: THEN POLICE
DISCOVERED THAT SANCHEZ'S REAL
TARGET THAT NIGHT WASN'T
MEGAN BARROSO AT ALL, BUT
SOMEONE ELSE.
>> Narrator: INVESTIGATORS
LEARNED THAT ON THE FOURTH OF
JULY, VINCENT SANCHEZ HAD AN
ARGUMENT WITH A FORMER
GIRLFRIEND, AND HE WAS ANGRY
BECAUSE SHE HADN'T INVITED HIM
TO HER FAMILY PICNIC.
>> WE THEORIZE HE TOOK THAT
AK-47, HE GOT IN HIS TRUCK, AND
HE WAS PROBABLY OUT LOOKING FOR
HIS GIRLFRIEND.
>> Narrator: WHETHER HE PLANNED
TO USE THE WEAPON ON HIS
GIRLFRIEND OR HER FAMILY IS
UNCLEAR.
BUT ALONG THE WAY, INVESTIGATORS
BELIEVE SANCHEZ SAW MEGAN AT AN
INTERSECTION, CHANGED HIS MIND,
AND DECIDED TO FOLLOW HER
INSTEAD.
THE EVIDENCE SHOWS SANCHEZ TRIED
TO GET MEGAN TO PULL OVER.
HE THEN FIRED INTO MEGAN'S
BACKSEAT.
[ GUNSHOT ]
AGAIN, MEGAN REFUSED TO STOP.
SANCHEZ PULLED AHEAD OF HER, CUT
OFF HER PATH, AND STARTED
SHOOTING.
MEGAN TRIED TO GET AWAY.
SHE WAS HIT BY THE SHOT THROUGH
THE CAR DOOR.
MEGAN MAY HAVE REACHED FOR HER
PHONE TO CALL FOR HELP, LOST
CONTROL, AND HIT THE MEDIAN
BARRIER.
SANCHEZ THEN ABDUCTED MEGAN AND
DROVE OFF.
THE WHOLE TIME, SHE SHED THE
DISTINCTIVE RED GLITTER INTO HIS
TRUCK, ONTO HIS RIFLE, AND ON
HER JACKET.
MEDICAL EXPERTS BELIEVE MEGAN
WAS ALIVE WHEN SANCHEZ LEFT HER
IN THE CANYON RAVINE.
HE LEFT HER THERE WITHOUT HER
PANTS AND PROBABLY TOOK HER
JACKET AS A TROPHY.
>> I COULDN'T GET AWAY FROM THE
IDEA THAT THIS HAD HAPPENED TO
MY LITTLE GIRL -- THAT BEAUTIFUL
LITTLE GIRL WHO ALWAYS HAD A
SMILE FOR ME, WHO ALWAYS GAVE
DAD A BIG HUG.
I MISS HER HUGS.
TO THIS DAY, I MISS HER HUGS.
>> Narrator: IN OCTOBER OF 2001,
SANCHEZ PLED GUILTY TO BEING THE
SIMI VALLEY RAPIST AND WAS
SENTENCED TO LIFE IN PRISON.
HE ALSO PLED GUILTY TO MEGAN'S
MURDER.
SANCHEZ CLAIMED HE DIDN'T
SEXUALLY ASSAULT MEGAN.
>> THE DEFENSE IN THIS CASE,
THEIR MAIN OBJECTIVE WAS TO SAVE
HIM FROM A DEATH SENTENCE.
>> Narrator: BUT GIVEN SANCHEZ'S
PAST, JURORS CONCLUDED HE DID
SEXUALLY ASSAULT MEGAN...
AND SENTENCED HIM TO DEATH.
>> HE HAS NO CONSCIENCE.
I HATE TO SAY HE'S AN ANIMAL
BECAUSE IT'S JUST -- IT'S TOO
NICE OF A DESCRIPTION FOR HIM.
>> IT WAS JUST SO AMAZING, ALL
THE DETAIL AND THE AMOUNT OF
EFFORT THAT WENT INTO EACH
LITTLE PIECE OF THE PUZZLE OF
THE FORENSIC SCIENCE OF IT ALL.
>> Narrator: NO ONE DOUBTS THAT
SANCHEZ WOULD HAVE CLAIMED MORE
VICTIMS.
BUT A STRANGE COMBINATION OF
EVIDENCE, RANGING FROM LASER
BALLISTICS TO ANALYSIS OF A
CAR'S ON-BOARD COMPUTER TO
SOMETHING AS SEEMINGLY
INSIGNIFICANT AS GLITTER, PROVED
HIS GUILT.
>> IT WAS JUST AMAZING WHAT THE
CRIMINALISTS WERE ABLE TO DO AND
THE EXPERTS WERE ABLE TO SAY TO
PUT TOGETHER A VERY VIVID
PICTURE FOR THE JURY AS TO WHAT
HAPPENED OUT THERE.
>> I WOULD SAY THE MOST
COMPELLING SCIENCE WAS THE
BLOOD -- THE BLOOD FOUND IN
VINCENT'S VEHICLE, AND ALSO THE
PIXIE GLITTER.
THAT WAS AMAZING THAT THEY COULD
PUT THOSE PIECES OF PIXIE
GLITTER TOGETHER AND SHOW THAT
IT HAD BEEN LOCATED AT ALL THOSE
DIFFERENT AREAS, AND IT WAS
CONSISTENT AMONGST EACH OTHER.